[BD-2809] Adding control variant alert to CC docs (#7835)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/customization_guides/content_cards/logging_analytics.md

{% endsubtab %}
{% endsubtabs %}

{% alert important %}

> To handle control variant Content Cards in your custom UI, pass in your [`com.braze.models.cards.Card`](https://appboy.github.io/appboy-android-sdk/javadocs/com/appboy/models/cards/Card.html) object, then call the `logImpression` method as you would with any other Content Card type. The object will implicitly log a control impression to inform our analytics of when a user would have seen the control card.{% endalert %}

Author: @bryanlogan , just want to confirm this is the right link?

Reviewer: This link should be the more up-to-date version: https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-android-sdk/kdoc/braze-android-sdk/com.braze.models.cards/-card/index.html

Author: ah! i knew there was a newer site but i couldn't remember what it was. thanks for saving the day @vanessaland !

> To handle control variant Content Cards in your custom UI, pass in your [`com.braze.models.cards.Card`](https://appboy.github.io/appboy-android-sdk/javadocs/com/appboy/models/cards/Card.html) object, then call the `logImpression` method as you would with any other Content Card type. The object will implicitly log a control impression to inform our analytics of when a user would have seen the control card.{% endalert %}

Author: ```suggestion
To handle control variant Content Cards in your custom UI, pass in your [`com.braze.models.cards.Card`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-android-sdk/kdoc/braze-android-sdk/com.braze.models.cards/-card/index.html) object, then call the `logImpression` method as you would with any other Content Card type. The object will implicitly log a control impression to inform our analytics of when a user would have seen the control card.{% endalert %}
```

{% endsubtab %}
{% endsubtabs %}

{% alert important %}

> For a control variant Content Card, a custom object should still be instantiated, and UI logic should set the object’s corresponding view as hidden. The object can then log an impression to inform our analytics of when a user would have seen the control card.

Reviewer 2: I think we could play with the wording here a bit. I'm not sure if `custom object` is correct. If they are building their own UI, they would pass in a [control CC object, which can be instantiated like any other CC type](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/contentcard/control(_:)). Because this control card object is itself a Content Card, it will also have the `logImpression` method, which their custom UI logic will need to call as if it were any other CC.

Let me know what might be the best way to phrase this.

Author: Gottchya! I'm fine with changing it. This is what used to be on the iOS legacy docs, so I just copy+pasted hoping y'all would catch any incompatibilities (so thanks for doing so haha).

What about something like:

```
For a control variant Content Card, pass and instantiate a [`Braze.ContentCard.Control`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/contentcard/control(_:)) object , then call the `logImpression` method in your custom UI logic. The object can then log an impression to inform our analytics of when a user would have seen the control card.
```

Reviewer 2: Looks good! We should probably call out that this is only relevant if they're building their own custom UI. In the default cases, we already handle this in the out of the box UI. Some tweaks:

```
To handle control variant Content Cards in your custom UI, pass in your [`Braze.ContentCard.Control`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/contentcard/control(_:)) object, then call the `logImpression` method as you would with any other Content Card type. The object will implicitly log a control impression to inform our analytics of when a user would have seen the control card.
```

Author: Awesome. And this tweak should only be applied to the Swift pages, not Android, correct?

If it _is_ supposed to be applied to android, do you have a link to the equivalent method for the Android SDK?

Reviewer 2: I believe the approach should be the same for Android for custom UIs. Not sure about the method though - correct me if I'm wrong here? @braze-inc/sdks-android

Reviewer 3: Yeah, Android does the same thing.  Our UI implementation is public, so for Android View, we do the following which causes the  control card to have no height. 

https://github.com/braze-inc/braze-android-sdk/blob/master/android-sdk-ui/src/main/java/com/braze/ui/contentcards/recycler/ContentCardsDividerItemDecoration.kt#L53

And then we use an adapter method to figure out when the "zero height" object gets into view.

https://github.com/braze-inc/braze-android-sdk/blob/master/android-sdk-ui/src/main/java/com/braze/ui/contentcards/adapters/ContentCardAdapter.kt#L82

For Jetpack Compose, we took a slightly different approach. https://github.com/braze-inc/braze-android-sdk/blob/master/android-sdk-jetpack-compose/src/main/java/com/braze/jetpackcompose/contentcards/ContentCardsList.kt#L169

We tie each control card to the "real" card it would show with, unless they happen to be right at the top, then we log the impression right away.

Author: @bryanlogan , do all of these need to be linked in the alert? or is there a single object for Android that I can use to replace the `Braze.ContentCard.Control` object link in the following:

> To handle control variant Content Cards in your custom UI, pass in your [`Braze.ContentCard.Control`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/contentcard/control(_:)) object, then call the logImpression method as you would with any other Content Card type. The object will implicitly log a control impression to inform our analytics of when a user would have seen the control card.

Reviewer 3: For Android `com.braze.models.cards.Card` instead `Braze.ContentCard.Control`
